Hello everyone, Evgeny
mobiltelefon.ru every self-respecting
the manufacturer is simply obliged to attend to
interesting accessories for their
gadgets Taiwanese company htc
respects itself and appreciates consumers
for example, its case is a perforated dot cover
view was and remains one of the most
original and functional cases that
saw the industry have catalogs glasses this
and more classic things about one of
them on the example of the smartphone one m8 will go
speech in this review
case gave gebhard shell as in dot view
available for different models
brand online store honor and
online dot py its cost is
990 rubles, but when ordering from abroad
you can save a little even with
The current course cover is available in
several colors and consists of 3
parts why top and bottom
go on a pair of different colors and
interchangeable so you can buy
different kits combine panels
and get very original baths 8
emphasize your individuality
used mined deep hard shell almost
Sevan M8 is very simple but the multiplicity is not
prevent the main thing that you have to do
very carefully wipe the metal
smartphone case
so that it does not have any small
fractional grains of sand and specks
make sure that there is no reason
their films on the inside of the national team
case why because the phone need
will push in tight plastic and this
fraught with scratches after these
action is necessary to fasten the top and
bottom end caps having completed
assembly procedure and getting the original
thing at the exit
Hard case material
polycarbonate with pleasant to the touch
texture
promises to be durable and practical
the parts before the perishing closes everything
sides apart from the front but
covering form protects the screen so
that you can safely phone class
display down
he will have nothing of course from
scratch in your pocket or bag this form
will not save and need a film
if you want to maximize
protect besides the speakers are not
overlap which means no interference
enjoying the powerful boomsound sound
ti course necessary opening
from the rear to the bottom from the side are provided to
Sorry prefab and myself
material does not assume micron
precision perfect fit therefore
sockets in some cases may
slightly play and stay on
different levels
I have a problem with gray panels
while the colored ones are sitting practically
perfect the rest double deep hard
shell is a good accessory for your
ex iwan who is not only capable
give individuality well and provide
proper level of protection
the ingredients are most important to
all sorts of covers and a variety of cases
thank you for your attention santal evgeny
mobiltelefon.ru click like subscribe
Watch the channel to watch other videos and to
dating